Sometimes people ask me, How do you love your enemies? Um, in the military
and for me as a chaplain and within my faith is there is there's
differences between you know, first, for instance, there's a being
murder and and killing. Um, and so loving one's enemies is something
that's second nature to us because, well, the god that I serve told
us to love our enemies, that its's easy for us to love those like
us. It's easy for us to love those who think like us and our look like
us. But it's a challenge, and it is beneficial to love those who
despise us. And I think it's a key role, and it helps us as leaders.
And it helps us, uh, specifically as chaplains as we go about our day.